---
layout: page
title: Projects
hide_comments: true
---
## Projects ##


### Audio Tools / Libraries ###

- [Audio Sort](/projects/audio-sort/) - A webpage to visualize and audibilize sorting algorithms
  using javascript.

- [Audio Grid](/projects/audio-grid/) - A javascript port of the great
  [Tone Matrix](http://tonematrix.audiotool.com/) tool by [Andre Michelle](http://andre-michelle.com/).

- [soundfont2mp3](/projects/soundfont2mp3) - A command line utility that lets
  you extract single note mp3s from soundfont files.

- [timbre.soundfont.js](/projects/timbre.soundfont.js) - Play soundfont urls
  using timbre.js

- [timbre.mp3_decode.js](/projects/timbre.mp3_decode.js) - A timbre.js plugin
  that decodes mp3s using jsmad

- [free-midi](/projects/free-midi/) - A collection of mp3s generated by
  [soundfont2mp3](https://github.com/skratchdot/soundfont2mp3) and the
  [S. Christian Collins GeneralUser GS Soundfont](http://www.schristiancollins.com/generaluser.php). 

- [riff-wav-for-java](/projects/riff-wav-for-java/) - This EMF based project was created to allow the reading 
  and writing of .wav files in Java. It attempts to read in well-known RIFF chunks, and provide an API for 
  reading/manipulating those chunks. 


### Color Tools / Libraries ###

- [colorify](/projects/colorify) - a collection of color tools

- [infinite-gradients](/projects/infinite-gradients) - An HTML experiment for generating
randomly created CSS3 gradients (both linear and radial)

- [color-blind](/projects/color-blind) - Simulate color blindness by converting RGB hex
codes

- [color-harmony](/projects/color-harmony) - Create color scales by rotating hue

- [color-matrix](/projects/color-matrix) - Apply filters to colors to simulate things
like color blindness and night vision

- [color-palette](/projects/color-palette) - Get a color palette from a uri using phantomjs 
and color-thief

- [color-quantize](/projects/color-quantize) - Convert colors to websafe / websmart values

- [color-stats](/projects/color-stats) - Generate color information based off of the hash
of any object (or a valid color string)



### Korg Electribe Software ###

- [Open Electribe Editor](/projects/open-electribe-editor/) - A program that allows you to 
  organize, edit, and create .esx files for the Korg ESX-1. 

- **Archived:**

  - [Esx Wave Organizer](/projects/esx-wave-organizer/) - A program that allows you to 
    organize, edit, and create .esx files for the Korg ESX-1. 
  
  - [ES-1step](/projects/es1-step/) - A program that allows you to hook up a midi keyboard 
    to your computer, and send midi messages to your Korg ES-1 Electribe Sampler.


### MongoDB Shell Extensions ###

- [mesh: MongoDB Extended Shell](/projects/mesh/) - A javascript file that extends
  the mongo shell.  It includes some useful libraries, as well as new functions
  for dealing with Mongo collections and queries. All of the extensions listed below
  are included in [mesh](/projects/mesh/).

- [mongodb-distinct2](/projects/mongodb-distinct2/) - Similar to the built-in distinct()
  function, but with more capabilities.

- [mongodb-distinct-types](/projects/mongodb-distinct-types/) - Similar to the 
  db.myCollection.distinct() function, distinctTypes() will return "types" rather than "values".

- [mongodb-flatten](/projects/mongodb-flatten/) - The flatten() function provides a way to 
  flatten documents into id/key/value pairs.

- [mongodb-schema](/projects/mongodb-schema/) - A schema analysis tool for MongoDB.

- [mongodb-wild](/projects/mongodb-wild/) - Adds a wildcard search to the mongodb shell.


### Github User Scripts ###

- [The Github Enhancement Suite](/projects/github-enhancement-suite/) - A collection of userscripts
  to add functionality when browsing github.com.

- [GitHub: Code Search](/projects/github-code-search.user.js/) - A user script that adds a search box 
  to repository pages which allows you to search the code in that repository.

- [GitHub: Editor Theme](/projects/github-editor-theme.user.js/) - Add a "theme" dropdown when editing
  files in the Github UI.

- [GitHub: Fork Count](/projects/github-fork-count.user.js/) - A user script to display repo 
  counts (public, private, sources, forks, mirrors) where the "public" repo counts used to be.

- [GitHub: Get Missing Descriptions](/projects/github-get-missing-descriptions.user.js/) - If there are missing
  descriptions on a Github profile page, a button will be added. When clicked, ajax requests will be made 
  to grab the descriptions.

- [Github: gh-pages Link](/projects/github-gh-pages-link.user.js/) - If a repository has a gh-pages 
  branch, then this will add links to the Github Page, as well as the source code.  These links will be
  added to the "description" section of Github repository pages.

- [Github: Pull Request Links](/projects/github-pull-request-links.user.js/) - A user script to "linkify" 
  the to/from branches on Pull Request pages.

- [GitHub: Repo Counts](/projects/github-repo-counts.user.js/) - A user script to display repo counts 
  when browsing repository pages.

- [GitHub: Repo-Filter Info](/projects/github-repo-filter-info.user.js/) - A user script to display some 
  additional info below the repository filter on a user's main profile page.

- [Github: Twitter Link](/projects/github-twitter-link.user.js/) - Adds a twitter link on Github profile
  pages if a corresponding user name exists at Twitter.


### Miscellaneous Libraries / Utilities ###

- [List Tool](/projects/list-tool/) - A simple web application to compare lists.

- [domFormat](/projects/domFormat/) - A simple javascript library to get DOM nodes as formatted/pretty strings. 

- [framecapture](/projects/framecapture/) - Take a screenshot of a portion of your screen, and add
  a border to it in one swoop.

- [npm-dview](/projects/npm-dview/) - A command line tool for comparing a package.json file's 
  dependency version numbers with the latest remote version number.

- [tojs](/projects/tojs/) - Convert files between plain text, javascript strings,
  and document.write() statements

